# form

A Python platform managing authenticated Discord form submissions within the
server through automated links.

## Development

### Adding dependencies and scripts

To add new dependencies or scripts to the project, follow these steps:

1. Open the `pyproject.toml` file in the project directory.
2. To add a new dependency, locate the `[tool.poetry.dependencies]` section, and
   add the package using the format `package_name = "^version"`.
3. To add a new script, locate the `[tool.poetry.scripts]` section, and define a
   new key-value pair with the script name as the key and the entry point
   function or command as the value.
4. Save the `pyproject.toml` file.

### Installing project dependencies

To install project dependencies or apply changes made to the `pyproject.toml`
file, use the following command:

```sh
python -m poetry install
```

This command will install the defined dependencies and make any necessary
adjustments to the project.

> **Note**: Install Poetry using `python -m pip install poetry` if your machine
> does not have it installed.

### Running the project

To run the project or execute any scripts within the project, use the following
command:

```sh
python -m poetry run python main.py
```

> **Note**: This project uses Python 3.11 version.

### Generating code

#### `question_type.json`

This file is generated by running the following command.

```sh
python generate_question_type.py
```

### Linting

- If you don't black installed, write `python -m pip install black`.
- If there exists formatting and linting errors please type, `python -m black .`
  to view those errors.

---

Maintained with ❤️ by [**@acmcsufoss**](https://oss.acmcsuf.com/)
